o_@gmail.com        neptune567          administrator  
u_@gmail.com        lionKing123         administrator    
f_@yahoo.com        flamingo99          customer       
r_@gmail.com        a_password123       customer       
m_@hotmail.com      dragonFire22        customer       
c_@hotmail.com      horse1234           customer       
s_@yahoo.com        strawberry23        customer       
p_@yahoo.com        rainbowColors       customer       
l_@yahoo.com        kangaroo55          customer       
g_@hotmail.com      grapefruit78        customer       
k_@gmail.com        banana_cake         customer       
h_@gmail.com        zebraStripes        customer       
y_@gmail.com        watermelon88        customer       
w_@yahoo.com        icecream33          customer       
v_@gmail.com        jupiter123          customer       
i_@yahoo.com        yellowSunflower     customer       
n_@gmail.com        chocolate87         customer       
d_@gmail.com        volcanoEruption     customer       
a_@gmail.com        penguinIce          customer       
t_@hotmail.com      tigerRoar           customer       
b_@yahoo.com        umbrellaRain        customer       
x_@hotmail.com      elephant42          customer       
j_@hotmail.com      queenRoyal          customer       
e_@gmail.com        kangaroo55          customer       
z_@yahoo.com        banana_cake         customer       
q_@hotmail.com      monkeyBanana        customer       